So I've heard that and you do me a lot of people like to show off how much they actually make and to
show income proof.
So I thought I'd throw together a quick little screencast to show you roughly what my numbers for the
last couple of years have been to see up here.
That is actually what I ended up making.
I actually have multiple listings.
Typically they're just other spaces in my apartment or if I rent out my full apartment this number is
a little deceiving because there are other fees that will happen in San Francisco specifically an occupancy
tax which just doesn't actually take into consideration.
But that gives you a decent idea of what my income for last year or this year was and the year I started
this is what it actually looked like and that is because I actually only do a half year.
Now keep in mind that I only do this casually.
I do not run my air B and B to the ground like some people do.
I rent it out when it's convenient for me.
I rent it out kind of you know when I'm traveling or when I feel like I'm up for hosting and a lot of
times I just don't really feel like it.
A lot of times I just said you know I kind of want my apartment to myself this you know this week.
And so that kind of factors into the numbers had I rented this out 100 percent.
Well yeah.
I mean you had been well in the probably 100 probably 150 160 range but it really it's up to everybody.
You can run it whatever way you want to.
This worked for me.
Covered my rent gave me a little extra cash on top of that you know and when I was travelling heavily
one month you know or two months it would pay me out quite a bit.
And you can see you know my general kind of idea behind this was that I just wanted to get over my rent
and then have a little extra.
So you can see like I was printing on well so I would use my living room occasionally or a side room.
So like.
And then when I traveled the summer you can see that I rent it out quite a bit more.
And July was the biggest month was when I had the most bookings.
Again this 11000 is actually kind of deceiving.
There are taxes that go on top of that it ends up being more like ten thousand five hundred or something.
But regardless my Ransley $3000 so traveling this summer and it being quite lucrative.
And then when I got back in September I got back in the groove of things and this again covers my rent
and then gives me an extra thousand on top of it.
So if you guys want to figure out how I've done this how I have you know put this together what are
my hacks What are my tips sort of my tricks.
If you want me to show you in detail how you also can do this.
Join the chorus.
I'd love to see in their.